Edits to RST files for PyPrimeMesh (#457)
pyansys/pyprimemesh: README.md

## Overview

> PyPrimeMesh provides a Python client to the Ansys Prime server. The Ansys Prime server

Reviewer: Ansys Prime Server should be capitalised as this is the name.

https://prime.docs.pyansys.com).

For queries related to PyPrimeMesh, post on the [PyPrimeMesh Discussions](
https://github.com/pyansys/pyprimemesh/discussions) page. 

For bugs or enhancement requests, file an issue on the [PyPrimeMesh Issues](
https://github.com/pyansys/pyprimemesh/issues) page. 

For assistance, reach out to the support team at
[pyansys.core@ansys.com](mailto:pyansys.core@ansys.com).

## Installation

The ``ansys-meshing-prime`` package supports Python 3.7 to Python 3.11 on
the Windows and Linux operating systems.

PyPrimeMesh can be installed with all dependencies directly from PyPi by running
this command:

```bash
pip install ansys-meshing-prime[all]
```

Alternatively, you can clone this repository and install the client using
these commands:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/pyansys/pyprimemesh
cd pyprimemesh
pip install -e .[all]
```

The preceding commands install all functionality that is important to development.
To install a basic version of the client, use this command instead:

```bash
pip install -e .
```

## Dependencies

You must have Ansys 2023 R1 or later installed for the Ansys Prime server.

> (Optionally, CAD readers can be configured.) The Ansys Prime server requires

Reviewer: Seems odd to start a sentence with a bracketed comment.

> a Preppost or CFD Preppost license to run.

Author: @waltersma 
I tried to find out the proper spellings for these products but couldn't determine exact matches. Is the first the ```PrepPost`` component that is part of the Ansys Mechanical Enterprise product and the other Ansys Composite PrepPost (ACP)? Note later in the "License and Acknowledgements" section, it says that Ansys Prime server requires a legally licensed copy of Ansys Workbench. These discrepancies also exist in the index.rst file for the Getting started section.

> a PrepPost or a Mechanical or Fluids PrepPost (CFD) license to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a Mech PrepPost or CFD PrepPost license to run.
```

PyPrimeMesh is licensed under the MIT license.

PyPrimeMesh makes no commercial claim over Ansys whatsoever. This library extends the functionality of
the Ansys Prime server by adding a Python interface without changing the core behavior or license
of the original software. The use of the Ansys Prime server requires a legally licensed copy of Ansys

> Workbench.

Author: @waltersma 
Licensing here mentions Ansys Workbench--not the same as in line 59? These discrepancies also exist in the getting_started.index file.

Reviewer: @PipKat we need unified ansys build installed as this is how we distribute the server.  Please suggest a preferred wording.  Intention here is not to state the license used by the server as this is already stated.  Maybe we simply remove the statement regarding it being legally licensed if you feel that is confusing?
